---
title: Privacy Policy
date: 2016-12-26 17:40:00 Z
position: 6
is hidden from nav: true
is shown in footer: true
---

# Privacy Policy

PLEASE READ THESE PRIVACY POLICIES CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.

Your use of this website is expressly conditioned on your acceptance of the following terms and conditions. By using this website, you signify your assent to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree with any part of the following terms and conditions, do not use this website.

© Copyright 2016
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

The Darcy respects the privacy of its visitors and customers and understands the importance of privacy to visitors to our website. We collect and store information so that we can efficiently provide information to our users and process your requests for additional information and materials. This privacy statement is designed to help you understand what information we gather and what we do with the information.

**Your Information.** Personal identifying information, such as customer names, street or e-mail addresses, phone numbers or any other information which, when used by itself or with other data, might identify a customer individually is only collected if a customer sends it to us voluntarily as part of using our service, or provides such information in connection with a purchase. We may also use this information to send you notices on a regular basis regarding The Darcy, open house schedules, sales incentives and other products or services and to further personalize your experience on our site. Personal identifying information is used only for our legitimate business interests, including the aforementioned notices, to supply requested information, answer visitors' questions, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.

**Disclosure.** By giving The Darcy your personal identifying information, you grant The Darcy, and its affiliates and subsidiaries the right to use this information for reasonable business purposes, with permission to disclose it to The Darcy's preferred mortgage and construction lenders and in a manner consistent with the policies of The Darcy and applicable state and federal laws and regulations. We do not sell, rent or disclose your personal identifying information to any third party, except as described in this section. We may contract with reputable vendors to assist us in processing information or delivering the items that our users requests. These vendors are restricted from using or selling the information for any purpose other than helping us to provide the materials and requested services. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. Finally, if disclosure of any information is required by law or by an appropriate government authority, we will comply accordingly.

**Cookies.** As part of offering and improving our services, we may use “cookies" to store and sometimes track information about our online customers and users. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can make use of the web easier by saving status and preferences about a website. Some parts of our website, where you are prompted to log-in or that are customizable, may require that you accept cookies. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies but users can change the setting to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent.

**Your Control.** You may, at any time, remove your personal identifying information from our current customer database. If you have submitted personal identifying information to The Darcy, and you wish to have it removed from our records, please e-mail us at unsubscribe@thedarcy.com. However, for our record keeping purposes, we will retain your personal identifying information if submitted for any previously completed registration on our website.

**Your Use.** By using this website, you agree not to disrupt or intercept our electronic information posted on this website or on any of our servers. You also agree not to attempt to circumvent any security features of our website, and to abide by all applicable, local, state, federal and international laws.

In the "Contact Sales" section of our website, we do ask for some personal information, such as name, mailing address and e-mail address, but this information will only be used by The Darcy to make initial contact with you, by a new home sales agent and/or resale agent, to respond to your request for information and to contact you directly to respond to questions, comments or inquiries. We also may use the information to notify visitors about updates on current developments or new developments, products, services, activities or upcoming open house or sale events. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by The Darcy.

**Email Use.** When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to respond to a request. We intend to send you promotional email only if you have agreed to receive it. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each promotional e-mail or newsletter. Your email address will be used only to respond to your request and will not be shared with any third parties. Instructions for unsubscribing are included in every email containing promotional material.

**Children.** The Darcy strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children online (we define "children" as minors younger than 13). Therefore, The Darcy will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children or knowingly allow children to register with us. Any information that is inadvertently collected from children will be deleted promptly upon discovery.

**Other Websites.** Any links from this website to other websites or e-mail addresses are provided for your information and convenience only. The Darcy does not assume any responsibility or liability with respect to any website linked from this website, or e-mail address (or any website linking to this website), including its content and operation. The Darcy does not review or monitor such links. A link from this website to another website or e-mail address (or a link from another website to this website) does not constitute a referral, endorsement, approval, advertising, offer or solicitation with respect to such website, its contents, or any products or services advertised or distributed through that website. While this website may contain "links" to many sites, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.

**Security.** The Darcy always uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. The Darcy has implemented appropriate security measures in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our website, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems. In the unlikely event of an interception OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS despite our efforts, The Darcy shall not be responsible for such interception OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, or any DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) SUFFERED BY A CUSTOMER OR USER, EVEN IF The Darcy HAS PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. The Darcy DOES NOT WARRANT, EITHER EXPRESSLY OR IMPLIEDLY, THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY ANY CUSTOMER SHALL BE FREE FROM INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. EACH CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF HIS OR HER OWN LOGIN INFORMATION.

**Disclaimers.** WHILE The Darcy HAS SAFEGUARDS IN PLACE TO PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR INTERCEPTION, THERE IS NO ABSOLUTE GUARANTEE OF SECURITY. IN THE EVENT OF AN INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, The Darcy SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) SUFFERED BY A VISITOR OR USER, EVEN IF The Darcy HAS PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. The Darcy DOES NOT WARRANT, EITHER EXPRESSLY OR IMPLIEDLY, THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY ANY VISITOR SHALL BE FREE FROM INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

IN TRANSMITTING ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS TO The Darcy, THE USER OF THIS WEBSITE IS REQUESTING THAT The Darcy SEND INFORMATION TO OR CONTACT THE USER REGARDING OUR DEVELOPMENTS OR OUR SERVICES. The Darcy WILL MAKE EVERY EFFORT TO ACCOMMODATE REASONABLE REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION PERTAINING TO OUR DEVELOPMENTS AND SERVICES IN A TIMELY MANNER BUT MAKES NO GUARANTEES FOR THE TIMELINESS OF SUCH RESPONSES. THE USER SHOULD BE AWARE THAT The Darcy IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DELAY, NON-DELIVERY OR NON-RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION EXCHANGED BETWEEN The Darcy AND THE USER OR VICE-VERSA DUE TO INTERNET CONNECTIVITY PROBLEMS, MAN-MADE OR NATURAL DISASTERS, FORCE MAJEURE, COMPUTER MALFUNCTIONS OR INCORRECT CONTACT INFORMATION (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO E-MAIL ADDRESSES, MAILING ADDRESSES, TELEPHONE, CELLULAR, PAGER OR FAX NUMBERS) SUPPLIED BY THE USER.

THE DARCY COOPERATES WITH INQUIRIES FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND WILL ASSIST IN ATTEMPTING TO IDENTIFY A USER WHEN THE DARCY IS REQUIRED by law to do so OR WHEN THE DARCY, IN THE EXERCISE OF ITS JUDGMENT, DETERMINES IT IS NECESSARY TO PROTECT ITSELF, ITS WEBSITE, SERVICES, CUSTOMERS AND OTHERS.

Changes to the Privacy Policy. We may, at any time and without notice, add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on our website. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the website.

‍

**CONTACT INFORMATION**
Our postal address is: The Darcy 4733 Bethesda Avenue, Suite 800 Bethesda, MD 20814
Attn: The Webmaster We can be reached via e-mail at info@thedarcy.com.